codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/aPIS/APIError.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.APIError
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/helper/printerUtil.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.helper.printerUtil
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/models/fileModel.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.models.fileModel
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/views/CircleImageView.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.views.CircleImageView
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/stock/DeviceStockActivity.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.stock.DeviceStockActivity
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.stock.DeviceStockActivity$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.stock.DeviceStockActivity$2
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.stock.DeviceStockActivity$3
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.stock.DeviceStockActivity$4
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/adapter/reportsAdapter/Report10Adapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.reportsAdapter.Report10Adapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.reportsAdapter.Report10Adapter$DataObjectHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/helper/PreferenceHelper.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.helper.PreferenceHelper
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/models/Report9Model.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.models.Report9Model
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/fragments/reports/Reports9Fragment.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports9Fragment
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports9Fragment$1
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/helper/constants.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.helper.constants
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/fragments/reports/Reports10Fragment.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports10Fragment
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports10Fragment$1
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/categoryProduct/CategoryProductModel.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.categoryProduct.CategoryProductModel
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/adapter/StockAdapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.StockAdapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.StockAdapter$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.StockAdapter$DataObjectHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/adapter/ReportAdapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.ReportAdapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.ReportAdapter$DataObjectHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/adapter/FilePhotoAdapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.FilePhotoAdapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.FilePhotoAdapter$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.FilePhotoAdapter$HeaderViewHolder
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.FilePhotoAdapter$ItemViewHolder
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.FilePhotoAdapter$ViewHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/helper/ConnectivityReceiver.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.helper.ConnectivityReceiver
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.helper.ConnectivityReceiver$ConnectivityReceiverListener
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/models/Report8Model.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.models.Report8Model
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/models/EmployeeLocation.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.models.EmployeeLocation
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/swipereveallayout/ViewBinderHelper.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.swipereveallayout.ViewBinderHelper
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.swipereveallayout.ViewBinderHelper$1
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/aPIS/requests/AddInvoiceRequest.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.requests.AddInvoiceRequest
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.requests.AddInvoiceRequest$InvoiceProduct
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/helper/ProgressDialogHelper.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.helper.ProgressDialogHelper
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/aPIS/requests/Report1Request.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.requests.Report1Request
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/models/ClientInvoiceModel.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.models.ClientInvoiceModel
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.models.ClientInvoiceModel$Products
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/swipereveallayout/SwipeRevealLayout.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.swipereveallayout.SwipeRevealLayout
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.swipereveallayout.SwipeRevealLayout$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.swipereveallayout.SwipeRevealLayout$2
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.swipereveallayout.SwipeRevealLayout$DragStateChangeListener
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.swipereveallayout.SwipeRevealLayout$SimpleSwipeListener
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.swipereveallayout.SwipeRevealLayout$SwipeListener
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/adapter/ClientSwipeAdapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.ClientSwipeAdapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.ClientSwipeAdapter$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.ClientSwipeAdapter$ViewHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/views/MyRecyclerView.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.views.MyRecyclerView
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.views.MyRecyclerView$1
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/models/ProductModel.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.models.ProductModel
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/aPIS/requests/UpdateClientRequest.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.requests.UpdateClientRequest
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.requests.UpdateClientRequest$UpdateClientDay
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/categoryProduct/Product.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.categoryProduct.Product
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/views/NonSwipeableViewPager.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.views.NonSwipeableViewPager
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.views.NonSwipeableViewPager$MyScroller
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/fragments/HomeFragment.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.HomeFragment
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.HomeFragment$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.HomeFragment$2
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.HomeFragment$3
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.HomeFragment$4
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/categoryProduct/CategoryAdapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.categoryProduct.CategoryAdapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.categoryProduct.CategoryAdapter$DataObjectHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/aPIS/responses/AddCreditResponse.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.responses.AddCreditResponse
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/fragments/reports/Reports8Fragment.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports8Fragment
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports8Fragment$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports8Fragment$2
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports8Fragment$3
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/aPIS/ApiClient.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.ApiClient
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/models/ClientModel.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.models.ClientModel
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/helper/BottomNavigationBehavior.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.helper.BottomNavigationBehavior
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/ReportActivity.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.ReportActivity
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.ReportActivity$1
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/fragments/reports/Reports6Fragment.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports6Fragment
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports6Fragment$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports6Fragment$2
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports6Fragment$3
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/aPIS/responses/LoginResponse.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.responses.LoginResponse
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/repositories/PrinterRepository.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.repositories.PrinterRepository
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/fragments/PocketFragment.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.PocketFragment
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.PocketFragment$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.PocketFragment$2
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/BaseActivity.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.BaseActivity
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/adapter/PocketAdapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.PocketAdapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.PocketAdapter$DataObjectHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/fragments/reports/DashBoardFragment.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.DashBoardFragment
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.DashBoardFragment$1
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/aPIS/requests/AddClientRequest.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.requests.AddClientRequest
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.requests.AddClientRequest$ClientDay
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/adapter/DayFilterAdapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.DayFilterAdapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.DayFilterAdapter$DataObjectHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/HomeActivity.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.HomeActivity
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.HomeActivity$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.HomeActivity$2
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/adapter/ClientFilterAdapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.ClientFilterAdapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.ClientFilterAdapter$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.ClientFilterAdapter$DataObjectHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/models/Report6Model.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.models.Report6Model
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/adapter/Product2SelectedAdapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.Product2SelectedAdapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.Product2SelectedAdapter$ViewHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/models/ConnectedDevice.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.models.ConnectedDevice
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/BashaApp.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.BashaApp
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/BuildConfig.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.BuildConfig
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/fragments/ProfileFragment.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.ProfileFragment
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/models/EmployeeModel.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.models.EmployeeModel
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/models/ReportModel.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.models.ReportModel
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/models/Report10Model.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.models.Report10Model
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/aPIS/ApiService.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.ApiService
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/categoryProduct/CategoryProductsActivity.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.categoryProduct.CategoryProductsActivity
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.categoryProduct.CategoryProductsActivity$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.categoryProduct.CategoryProductsActivity$2
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/view_models/PrinterViewModel.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.view_models.PrinterViewModel
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/categoryProduct/ProductCategoryAdapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.categoryProduct.ProductCategoryAdapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.categoryProduct.ProductCategoryAdapter$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.categoryProduct.ProductCategoryAdapter$2
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.categoryProduct.ProductCategoryAdapter$3
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.categoryProduct.ProductCategoryAdapter$DataObjectHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/adapter/reportsAdapter/Report9Adapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.reportsAdapter.Report9Adapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.reportsAdapter.Report9Adapter$DataObjectHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/LoginActivity.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.LoginActivity
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.LoginActivity$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.LoginActivity$2
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/models/DayModel.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.models.DayModel
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/models/Report5Model.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.models.Report5Model
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/aPIS/requests/ReportRequest.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.requests.ReportRequest
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/models/InvoiceModel.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.models.InvoiceModel
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/aPIS/FileUtils.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.FileUtils
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/db/ForsahDB.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.db.ForsahDB
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/helper/MyContextWrapper.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.helper.MyContextWrapper
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/adapter/DayAdapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.DayAdapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.DayAdapter$DataObjectHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/adapter/ProductSelectedAdapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.ProductSelectedAdapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.ProductSelectedAdapter$ViewHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/adapter/reportsAdapter/Report7Adapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.reportsAdapter.Report7Adapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.reportsAdapter.Report7Adapter$DataObjectHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/helper/ImageSaver.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.helper.ImageSaver
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/adapter/reportsAdapter/Report8Adapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.reportsAdapter.Report8Adapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.reportsAdapter.Report8Adapter$DataObjectHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/views/MaterialRippleLayout.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.views.MaterialRippleLayout
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.views.MaterialRippleLayout$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.views.MaterialRippleLayout$2
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.views.MaterialRippleLayout$3
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.views.MaterialRippleLayout$4
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.views.MaterialRippleLayout$5
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.views.MaterialRippleLayout$PerformClickEvent
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.views.MaterialRippleLayout$PressedEvent
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.views.MaterialRippleLayout$RippleBuilder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/aPIS/requests/AddCreditRequest.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.requests.AddCreditRequest
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/aPIS/requests/ClientRequest.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.requests.ClientRequest
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/aPIS/responses/AddClientResponse.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.responses.AddClientResponse
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.responses.AddClientResponse$ClientDay
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.responses.AddClientResponse$ClientDay$Client
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/AddClientActivity.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.AddClientActivity
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.AddClientActivity$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.AddClientActivity$2
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.AddClientActivity$3
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/models/PocketModel.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.models.PocketModel
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/SplashActivity.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.SplashActivity
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/aPIS/responses/AddInvoiceResponse.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.responses.AddInvoiceResponse
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.responses.AddInvoiceResponse$InvoiceProduct
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.responses.AddInvoiceResponse$InvoiceProduct$Invoice
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/models/Report7Model.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.models.Report7Model
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/fragments/BaseFragment.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.BaseFragment
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/AddPocketActivity.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.AddPocketActivity
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.AddPocketActivity$1
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/adapter/reportsAdapter/Report6Adapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.reportsAdapter.Report6Adapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.reportsAdapter.Report6Adapter$DataObjectHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/adapter/reportsAdapter/Report5Adapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.reportsAdapter.Report5Adapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.reportsAdapter.Report5Adapter$DataObjectHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/ui/MainActivity.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.ui.MainActivity
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/aPIS/LocalStorageProvider.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.LocalStorageProvider
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/fragments/reports/Reports7Fragment.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports7Fragment
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports7Fragment$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports7Fragment$2
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports7Fragment$3
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/aPIS/responses/NoResponse.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.responses.NoResponse
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/aPIS/requests/AddLocationRequest.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.aPIS.requests.AddLocationRequest
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/stock/StockActivity.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.stock.StockActivity
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.stock.StockActivity$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.stock.StockActivity$2
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/helper/MyHelpers.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.helper.MyHelpers
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/fragments/reports/Reports5Fragment.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports5Fragment
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports5Fragment$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports5Fragment$2
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.reports.Reports5Fragment$3
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/utils/UiUtils.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.utils.UiUtils
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/adapter/InvoiceAdapter.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.InvoiceAdapter
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.InvoiceAdapter$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.adapter.InvoiceAdapter$DataObjectHolder
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/printer/TaskPrintActivity.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.printer.TaskPrintActivity
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.printer.TaskPrintActivity$1
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/AddInvoiceActivity.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.AddInvoiceActivity
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.AddInvoiceActivity$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.AddInvoiceActivity$2
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.AddInvoiceActivity$3
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.AddInvoiceActivity$4
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.AddInvoiceActivity$5
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/printer/DeviceListActivity.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.printer.DeviceListActivity
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.printer.DeviceListActivity$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.printer.DeviceListActivity$2
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.printer.DeviceListActivity$3
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.printer.DeviceListActivity$4
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/fragments/CreditInvoicesFragment.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.CreditInvoicesFragment
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.CreditInvoicesFragment$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.CreditInvoicesFragment$2
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.CreditInvoicesFragment$3
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.CreditInvoicesFragment$4
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.fragments.CreditInvoicesFragment$5
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/credit/CreditInvoiceActivity.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.credit.CreditInvoiceActivity
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/ClientProfileActivity.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.ClientProfileActivity
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.ClientProfileActivity$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.ClientProfileActivity$2
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.ClientProfileActivity$3
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.ClientProfileActivity$4
codeztalk/elbasha/delegate/activities/credit/DeviceCreditActivity.java
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.credit.DeviceCreditActivity
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.credit.DeviceCreditActivity$1
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.credit.DeviceCreditActivity$2
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.credit.DeviceCreditActivity$3
 codeztalk.elbasha.delegate.activities.credit.DeviceCreditActivity$4
